create new webpages name products, details, createProduct, editProduct and errorPage.
Create a new page 
products page: this page display all products' brief info. a product contains following elements:
1. product name: limit 100 words
2. Product description: limit 500 words
3. category: four values - electronic/daily/grocery/other
4. price
5. in stock quality
6. image url
Create a container name product-container, each product-container has an image of product, product name, price, add button and edit button
The css style of product-container: first is image with take 70% of the space, then product name is below the image, then two button on same line with different color 
Then create a page-container. This is differnt from login-page. The container will take all the space of webpage. Firstly it has Products word on the top left. Then 
on the next line list number of products-container. each row has at least 4 iteams and at least 2 rows on one page. Should have page number on the right bottom to navigate to next page and next products
If the login in page received 200, then navigate to products page
add a select box ln the top right with option: sorted by date, sorted by price-L to H, sorted by price-H to L

given the product controller in backend:



If the image is clicked, should navigate to details page. The details page only show one item. It consists of image, name, description, price. 
on the top left is title "product details". The detail container is below the title and fill the page. The picture takes left side of detail container(50% width, 100% height)
On the right, from top to bottom is category, name, (same line: price, a waring box with "out of stock"(this only appear when stock is 0)), description, (same line: add to cart button in blue, edit button in grey)

next is createProduct page. The title "Create Product" is on the top middle. Then follwing elements: product name(100 words limit, box); product description(500 words limit, box);
(same line: category, select box - electronic/daily/grocery/other options ; price, box). (same line: in stock quality, box; add image link, box; preview button, in color blue); image preview (if a valid url is placed on
above add image link and preview button is clicked, the image should apprear here). Finally a button with "add product"  

next is editProduct page. if the edit on product container is clicked, will navigate to edit page with path /product/id/edit. similar css layout as createProduct page with following differences：
1. "Create product" change to "update product"
2. remove "add image link" box, preview button and image preview part
3. move "in stock quality box" to the same line as "category" select option and "price" box
4. change "add product" button to "edit product" and move to left, add a new button "delete product" to right

finally we have an error page. The layout like this:
			(astonished symbol inside a circle)
			Oops, something went wrong!(title)
			(a go home button, color is blue. will navigate to product page if clicked)